I'm the last generation of CEOs to say
maybe you are too that we only had human
employees. Even now I work with agents
every day to make Salesforce better. And
I train my employees to do that too. I
created this V2 mom process when I was
at Oracle and I've used that to guide
Salesforce for many years. And now for
almost 3 years when I write a V2 mom,
one I always have a Salesforce executive
with me and two I now have an agent with
me as well. Yeah. So that idea that it's
the three of us working together. I like
having an AI partner. I think it helps
expand my own consciousness, gives me a
little more enlightenment myself. Hey
everybody at Saster. We have a treat
today after 12 years of SAS content,
10,000 posts, 2,000 Saster annual
sessions. I added over 100,000 LinkedIn
posts, almost a thousand podcast,
especially the ones that Harry Stebings
did for us in the other days. He's done
a lot with Mark. We have the OG. We have
we have Mark Benihoff today to talk
about a bunch of things, but I want to
do a really practical discussion about
AI and B2B, the real stuff at the
application level. Well, Mark, thank you
so much for making time for your busy
schedule. I'm a huge fan and I'm so
thrilled to be here with you and looking
forward to the discussion. Okay, before
we get there, I want to talk about today
and to the future a bit, but one thing
you're at 40 billion AR plus or minus. I
know AR isn't gap, but you're right
about there, right? I think we did give
guidance at about 40.9 billion for this
year and yeah, I don't know something
like 12 or 13 or 14 billion in cash
flow. How does it feel? feels exactly
like day one. You don't think about
those things. It's like completely
irrelevant. Those aren't the things that
are important, but is it is amazing, but
those aren't the most important things.
Once in a while, I think we we almost
forget to celebrate milestones, right?
Because there's always another quarter,
another year. But I don't know, as
someone who's been doing it for a while,
I do think it's I do think it's pretty
pretty neat in its own. I'm not a
celebration guy. That isn't how I No, I
don't
really do that. They're very important.
Like yesterday was an important moment.
We had a incredible Tableau user
conference. Yep. In San Diego. We had
9,000 folks there. It was awesome. And
the thing about Tableau is it's a
company that I always loved. It's a
product I always loved. I always loved
the space. I always loved analytics. I
always loved business
intelligence. And then we were able to
buy the company, which was was a moment
in time that we're able to do that. And
then we we've been able to grow it
really aggressively. Yeah. since we've
bought it and then we introduced this
new product yesterday which is basically
completely new product. So inspired by
the original founders of Tableau and the
brand and the name but then delivering
this amazing new platform really that's
all about apps and agents and AI and you
and how it all works together for our we
call our data fam. Yeah, which is the
community around Tableau. So, that's a
moment that I'm willing to celebrate.
And I was like, I couldn't believe it.
I've been waiting for that because I've
always loved the product, but there were
parts of the product that it didn't have
that I always wanted and so that's
exciting for me to be able to create the
value for the customers. And so, I'm
willing to celebrate that. That's a good
Okay,
congratul. How long was Tableau on your
want list before you were able to make
the deal happen? Oh, forever because
there's only certain brands that really
are meaningful in our industry. And
that's one. And look, it's going to
trade once. So, you have to decide, is
this going to be part of your solution?
And the way I've always looked at it is
that idea of business intelligence
analytics and even in the era of AI that
we're in right now, you can see with
this new Agentic front end, this vision
of Agentic analytics combined with the
marketplace of apps and the semantic
layer, the ability to talk to Tableau in
this incredible new way. It's just
beautiful. And so I'm very excited about
that. Yeah, AI just analytics has it's
all it's one of the most important
things in enterprise software, but it's
been so limited to needing an analyst or
someone that can run a product that I
loved, I used I always I admired at
times I was jealous of it and now it's
been part of Salesforce I don't know for
about seven years or something. But it
takes a while after you buy the product
to then you're evolving the management
team. you are really looking at what are
all the different pieces that are I
would say relevant for the customers.
You have to understand the community.
It's it's not you have to understand why
they are successful as a company. And
look, let's put in that category Slack.
We all use Slack. We've always been
using Slack. Everyone loves Slack. Right
now I'm on Slack. And it's a so am I.
And guess what? This moment that is very
important that we need to be able
to bring that same solution. But it's
not the same old Slack. We are
incrementally taking the same playbook
where it's all about you and agents and
Slack working together. And that's
what's going to be cool. It's already
actually in there, but it's incredible.
The fundamental direction of Slack with
AI. Slack and AI. Those are two ideas
that were really made for each other.
Yeah, for sure. I'm excited because we
all live in Slack and it should just do
it should be my meta agent. It should be
my meta agent for everyone at the
company. Even if I don't even if I'm not
in Tableau, I'm not even in Salesforce.
Slack should be my meta agent for all
that data. Yeah. And my vision is if
you're in Slack, you are in Tableau and
you are in sales. Yeah. Exactly right.
There shouldn't be it shouldn't be
modal. That was something that I always
learned from Steve Jobs, but it's
incredibly hard to execute because
you're buying something and you're
acquiring something. It means that it's
been built with a whole different
approach. But this is possible. And I
think the Tableau really got there
yesterday. And if you have a chance to
look at the demos, I think you'll be
pretty impressed. I will do more and we
will write it up. But M&A. So Mulesoft
last quarter 22% growth after years
after you bought it, right? Tableau 16.
Slack, everyone has their opinions on
Slack because we all use it, right?
Everyone's got an opinion. 17% after you
bought it. In all seriousness, you're
going to lose the even if you had
founders at these companies, you're
going to lose the DNA. How do you bridge
that gap when cuz you're you're
Salesforce is successful because you're
running it. How do you bridge the
founder DNA when you buy it? Revenue
lines. These are not small. They're all
billions. Yep. They're in the billions.
And so when you're there aren't that
many software products in the
billions and these are and I think that
Slack had a huge year last year. Not
only because the product is great.
Competition let their guard down I think
a little bit. But number two is that we
changed our distribution model for Slack
last year. Nobody really saw that, which
is that we allow all of our Salesforce
to sell it, get quota credit for it, to
basically made a pure product with the
rest of our products. And it it was a
huge supercharge for the product. And
I'll tell you why it's exciting. Because
up to that point, we were trying to keep
it how it was, keep it going, give them
more reps, more of this, invest in it,
run it as a separate company, but then
eventually we just hit the button and
said, you know what, this thing is
amazing, but it needs to come together
with our entire platforms. And you're
going to see that incrementally,
especially as we get to Dreamforce, how
all the things that are critical with
Slack are really going to be deeply
integrated with Salesforce as well.
Yeah. is there and just is there in the
deep enterprise is teams really even a
competitor is this a social media
fiction or is it a real competitor? You
can see the horrible things that
Microsoft did to Slack before we bought
it. And yeah, that was pretty bad. And
they were running their playbook and did
a lot of dark stuff and it's all got in
a written up in an EU complaint but
Slack made before we bought them and you
never really know what Microsoft is
going to do. But that was pretty nasty.
And I really am not I I'm not an I don't
really admire what Microsoft did with
Slack and how they used a lot of their
assets to really try to attack them when
Slack wasn't really going up against
Microsoft. So to do these things, I was
did not find them to be on the up and
up, I would say. Yeah. It was an odd
time. 2021 is like the a generation
before AI, right? It's almost a
different world where it seemed Slack
and Zoom probably seemed like these huge
they were going to bring down Microsoft
when it's ridiculous to think about that
today. You should support these
applications in 2021. They seemed like
they were taking over the world. You can
see that playbook being used. We saw it
on Netscape. We saw it on many things.
Yeah. Over time and it's like that's
that that playbook should get ripped up
and thrown away. Yeah. Yeah. uh the
there is an inherent aggressiveness in
enterprise software but there are limits
as well can see it by the way getting
played out right now between open AI and
Microsoft so it's a weird dynamic we saw
over the weekend this kind of really
interesting presentation that Sarah
Frier used to work at Salesforce and
she's the CFO at open I I did and they
revealed their stack for the first time
their their data center their apps their
APIs all the different aspects of the
future of open AI I and the word
Microsoft and Azour and Copilot weren't
on the stack and that was extremely
interesting and you can see how
Microsoft is really starting to run a
separate playbook against open AI and
it's a fascinating moment I think in the
in the history of open open AI because
of that. Yeah, it's crazy. It has. It's
so funny to think about Microsoft taking
pot shots at Slack because Azour is so
rejuvenated, right? And the world's
changed 11 times since then. It's keep
it as competitive but as open as you
can. It's amazing, right? Isn't it? And
I think that yeah, that's not how
Microsoft thinks. Microsoft is a company
that wants to own it all, control it
all. If they see a hot company or hot
startup, they ask themselves, hey, why
is that not in our world? and and in the
case of they usually they like to either
try to feain an acquisition and then
based on that they execute a playbook or
in the case of open AI a partnership is
going to become a competition. Yeah. No,
for sure. So related to that on AI, let
me ask you a question. I think maybe it
was right after your last earnings call.
I I've been watching you since the first
class of App Exchange in 2006, but I saw
Man, I saw energy in you recently after
I haven't seen it in years. I feel like
you're so rejuvenated when you talk
about AI, right? Is it like a
refounding, a re a rebirth of enthusiasm
for you? It feels like it. You're 100%
right. I've never been so excited about
Salesforce
and even here I'm in my office and I
just did a product oxide with my top 35
product leaders for 3 days and the
opportunities ahead are just absolutely
incredible. What is going to happen with
software and the transformation of
software at every layer is going to be
beyond our expectation, beyond our
imagination. And you can start to see
some of that playing out already. You
can see it in a lot of places. You can
see it in the startup community, but you
can also see with the customers, too.
And yeah, I'm pretty jacked. I just got
back from two weeks in Asia. And that
was really motivated. Oh, yeah. I mean,
it was really I was like in Bhutan and
the king of Bhutan is using Slack to
manage their new mindfulness city. So,
that was that's motivating to me like
when I see the technology were being
used in kind of creative and exciting
new ways, I get really motivated. Even
the hotel that I was staying at in
Bangkok, all of a sudden they had to
roll out and say, "Hey, look at we've
been using Salesforce forever and here's
how we use it in our hotel. And then I
got to Japan where we've had just
tremendous success. We're the second
largest software company in Japan. We
have a new Salesforce tower on the
grounds of the Imperial Palace in Tokyo.
It's pretty awesome. And if you get to
Japan, you got to let me know ahead of
time because it's a sight to behold. And
the customer success is probably the
highest we have in the world. And some
of these incredible Japanese companies,
what they've done with these platforms
is just awesome. Yeah, we were there in
November for a couple founders of Edge.
I can let you know next time. It was
great. I'll tell you what's weird is
when I met it with a lot of founders,
especially folks 100 millionaire is a
lot there, right? And the but the the
shrinking of the population is tough.
They're even worried about it in selling
seats. They're like, listen, 5 years
out, I'm going to see 20% seat
contraction. This is a worry at a
private dinner. Like I'm literally
seeing annual annual seat contraction
because population shrinking. It's a
crazy thing. Yeah, that's true. And we
saw that actually. I met with one of the
largest companies in Japan and yeah,
meeting with one of their sea level
officers and they have a goal to reduce
the number of employees they have by 5%
every year and replace them with agents.
So that
was really a remarkable conversation.
But yeah, you're right. It's very real.
The population change is is very real in
Japan. Yeah. I' never heard founders as
a group talking about seek contraction
due to population contraction.
Hopefully, we're 20 years out here if it
ever happens. The So, you said you just
got 35 product leaders together,
something like that. There was It just
went out that Toby leaked from Shopify
published his memo telling everyone to
use AI immediately. What's your version
of that at Salesforce? What are you
telling folks to stay current and to be
up to date on AI? I'm pretty excited
about Agent Force. I a year ago, Agent
Force was just beginning to be an idea
and today it's in the hands of so many
customers who are implementing it, way
more than we could have expected at this
point. There's about 5,000 companies who
are implementing agent force and to
already see so many success stories and
to see this product in these customers
hands at this kind of very early and
exciting stage. And it's not way with
other products because usually you roll
out a product but then you're waiting a
while for the customer to get value and
start to show you what they're building.
But in this case because it's getting
birthed from within the platform it
makes it very easy for customers to
deploy. When I was in Asia I was with
Singapore Airlines is a huge customer
ours and has been for a long time. Yeah.
And they of course they're running sales
and service and Slack and marketing all
the things you expect. But the power of
Singapore Airlines is that the CEO, his
name is Go, by the way. So, let's go.
The incredible visionary CEO and he's
building an agentic layer over the
airline. And that was very motivating
because here within a year, we're going
from idea to this point where these
customers are able to deploy huge amount
of value in a relatively short period of
time. Yeah. So many folks talk about, we
can talk about a little bit if we don't
run out of time about AI for changing
coding and programming. You talked about
freezing hiring and engineering. I want
to get to that, but most folks are not
don't have visibility into the contact
center. It's just as transformational in
one year. It's crazy the transformation
of the contact center, isn't it? Agent
Force is at the bleeding edge of it.
It's so fast. Look at Salesforce.
Salesforce has help. We have 9,000
support agents. We've already done more
than a half a million of these
interactions with customers and agents.
But that idea, I think, is pretty big
and pretty incredible. Yeah, it is. Do
you I know it's a I know it's maybe a
complicated topic, but I'm seeing I've
invested early in a bunch of folks in
the contact center gorgeous, which has
20,000 Shopify customers and talk desk
and the Salesforce ecosystem. I'm seeing
folks already reducing headcount there
30% already 30% in a year. It's crazy.
What you any thoughts on that plan? I'm
thinking that I would like to try to do
that myself and that's a big idea. I can
deploy those resources to other parts of
the company where I desperately need
more help and more capability. And I
encourage customers to really look at
that. That said, customers, especially
large companies like ours, the ability
to do something like that in a material
way, it takes time. Yeah. It's that old
phrase, people overestimate what you're
going to do in a year and underestimate
what you're going to do in a
decade. And that is where we are with
this as well, which is that yes, we can
say this is what's going to happen to
the contact center, but we might be
saying that a year from now or two years
from now still and then incrementally
we'll have more examples. We have
pioneers, people have done it, but we're
still at the beginning of a lot of these
opportunities. Yeah. Have you So we
rolled out a little AI just on Saster
itself. We had 30,000 conversations in
one month, which is pretty crazy. And a
lot of one of the things that surprised
me, I thought I knew about AI until I
saw it on the other side. I'm s What's
really interesting how people do things
you wouldn't expect. Do things you
wouldn't expect, right? Like today,
someone had a half an hour board
discussion about how to work with their
board. They up they shared their board
deck. They reached out to me. They did
every You wouldn't expect it, right? Any
things you've seen that are unexpected?
I think some of the things that I've
seen that are unexpected are also
expected. And I think like we've and I
like talking about some of these
customer stories. Yeah. The Singapore
Airlines story, the Salesforce story,
this idea that we're doing already done
a half a million conversations as we
kind of head to Dreamforce. I'm sure
that we'll get into the millions. Yep.
And then when I see like really solid
customers of ours, Lenar, which is one
of the largest home builders in the
United States, for years, they've had
this vision that they've talked to us
about of not just using our apps, they
use all of our apps and do all the
customer work, but how can they really
provide more service to their customers,
how can they provide more revenue lines
to their customers? And that idea that
has become very real. That's actually
happening right now. that idea is going
down that this is going to be something
that these customers are going to be
served by these agents and for LAR they
have given us incredible revenue
projections based on what they have
found and I think that is going to be
something that we're going to see with a
lot of customers. I think a lot of
customers going to all of a sudden start
to experiment and I'll tell you the most
exciting thing like since we're in the
LAR zone. Yeah. They called me
originally at CEO Steuart is credible
person father was the founder of the
company and he said our guys went to
Dreamforce they came back and we did a
hackathon here on agent force and then
we have these five use cases and if they
deliver these five use cases you're
going to dramatically impact the
financials of this company and that is
what is exciting for me that we're
seeing customers say hey how do I really
use this technology in an exciting new
Okay. And then deliver that value. And
that whole cycle from idea to innovation
to actually delivery with LAR cuz
they're live now was about 6 months. So
now that's fast at that size. That's
fast. And also is that the end of their
story? No. This is the beginning still
of the story. Because when we think
about what are companies going to be
like that are going to be agent first?
What is an agent first salesforce or an
agent first LAR or an agent first
Singapore Air? It doesn't look like
where we are today. I'm jealous of all
those founders who are starting
companies now because they're going to
be creating agent first companies. I'm
the last generation of CEOs to say maybe
you are too that we only had human
employees. Even now I work with agents
every day to make Salesforce better. And
I train my employees to do that too. I
created this V2 mom process when I was
at Oracle and I've used that to guide
Salesforce for many years. And now for
almost 3 years when I write a V2 mom,
one I always have a Salesforce executive
with me and two I now have an agent with
me as well. Yeah. So that idea that it's
the three of us working together and
we'll ask that agent really important
key questions. For example, hey, how is
this competitive against these key
competitors? or is this going to really
expand our distribution capacity like we
want or is this what we want to have
happen with our ecosystem and the
answers are
surprisingly awakening that is all of a
sudden say wa I didn't think about that
so I like having an AI partner I think
it helps expand my own consciousness my
gives me a little more enlightenment
myself so it's a tool it's another tool
in the tool chest and I think it's
extremely important that founders use
that yeah I didn't you've been saying
that for a saw the last generation with
an all human team. And I'll be honest,
maybe until 6 months ago, I didn't fully
get it. Like I thought it was a great
catchphrase, but even with now we have
our agent AI come to meetings and what I
love about it is it also remembers
everything. You don't actually remember
what Mark Beni off said on that podcast
2 years ago, but you know what? Your
agent remembers it and can contextualize
into what you're talking about today,
right? It's crazy, right? You're I like
going with the prime version of myself.
the digital version of me just remembers
stuff and connects it in the way I can't
do it. Like it's crazy. That's cool. And
I think that idea that there is an agent
around all the time and we're not
totally there. Like here we are on the
podcast, we don't have an agent talking
with us. I think in 6 months we will.
Okay. So that's we're getting it's like
we're making these kind of incremental
gains and I think that's a big thought.
Okay. And now what question do you want
to ask Mark Ben off about the future?
And so this idea that we're wrote a
little tagline that I used at Dreamforce
last year which was humans with agents
working together to create customer
success. And I believe that I think that
this is about us working well with
agents together. We're not at that point
yet. Still, if you go to
help.salesforce.com, we're still at the
beginning of what that could be. And I
think that for a lot of our customers,
we're still at the beginning of what
that agentic layer means. And then over
time it can really expand. Now let's
just say this also the agentic layer is
very important but we still have human
beings in our company. I don't know
about you. So a few less than a year ago
but yes we have a lot of people that
we're hiring thousand 100 thousand in
Salesforce something like that. I'm
hiring. Yeah I'm hiring and I have a lot
I'm hiring more in a lot of key areas
because of just demand levels are
impressive.
So I would say that at that point
applications are still important. Like
we mentioned that we're both using
Slack. Yeah. And we're I'm using Tableau
and I'm using our sales cloud and our
service cloud, our marketing cloud and I
mean and then we've got a lot I don't
know if you've seen like what we've done
with field service, but I was on the
phone yesterday with the CEO of a very
large power utility. We have two amazing
ones in California. Both of them are
huge customers of Salesforce and our
field service app. If you go to app
store and download it, you'll see like
we this amazing field service app like
these apps are still really important.
And in this case of like fire
mitigation, especially in California,
it's really important that these folks
are out there, they're automated, that
we can do things to to prevent
wildfires. Apps are still important.
Humans are still important in this case.
There aren't robots out there doing that
yet. Maybe there will be soon. Agents
can only go so far until you get into
the natural
world. So, this is a big moment where we
can say, "Wow, we're going to bring huge
value." So, it's the apps are important.
The data is way more important than ever
because if you don't have the data, your
agents are not going to perform with the
level of accuracy and capability. I'm
wearing a shirt. my favorite customer
Disney. Here's Mickey. And I love I'll
just buy all of the stuff on Disney
Store, not because it runs on
Salesforce, but because I just love the
brand, love the products and go to the
parks and the hotels and all that. But
we built this incredible agent that's
incredibly fluid that's able to go
through all of their products. But they
have done such a great job as a company,
Disney. They have so many products no
human could possibly understand all of
the products and the combinations and
the promotions. Yep. But the AI offers
tremendous value at that point for the
customer and for what they call the cast
member which is their employee and that
is critical and this idea now that the
apps the data and the agent these three
layers together and for Salesforce
that's only one piece of code like in
that new version of Tableau I mentioned.
Yep. You look at that and you take a
look at what we did and you'll see on my
Twitter feed I have a stack diagram of
how what we've done with our
architecture and it's just not just some
AI thing running out there in the wild.
It's something that we're going to use
in our company to create a better
company and AI and agents are a key part
of it but so is the data and so is the
app because it's about you and apps and
agents all working together. and that
idea of these three critical layers and
then like last week I was on a zoom with
the CEO of an incredible robot company
in San Jose and that fourth layer is
going to be the robotic layer but it
needs the other three layers to operate
because the agents are going to get
manifested into these robots. So that
will be a key next step and we'll see
that by Dreamforce I'm sure that these
four layers all have to work together
but remember it's one piece of code.
It's one piece of code for Salesforce.
Now, we sell it in different kinds of
brands and flavors and this and that so
forth, but it's still one piece of code.
And that is going to be incredibly
important going forward for these
customers, especially as they scale
these implementations and make this
these enterprisewide implementations
that are going to be like
transformational for how they
interoperate with them, their employees,
their customers, their partners. I'll
tell you for what it's worth running our
AI agent what I learned I didn't get
this before was I actually think within
12 months this agent human combination I
think every single Zoom every single
meeting every sales rep every cast
member every person human should come
with their AI and we I trained mine on
12 years of 10,000 pieces of content and
all this stuff it knows there is no
excuse to show up to a sales meeting and
not know whether this integration works
in Slack what the pricing is for 10.
There's just no excuse and we should be
on a meeting together and if I don't
know I should be able to say digital
mark remind me how does this Slack plus
Tableau integrate with a 1970s SAP
implementation and you should have this
the answer like that should be like 12
months cuz I can already do it on our AI
it's crazy so everyone should come to
that meeting like now 100% that's the
vision of the future right yeah it's
about humans and agents working together
and you just articulated it beautifully
And look, you might be there, but most
people are not there. No, I wasn't even
there until 3 weeks ago, but now I get
it. Now, now I get it cuz I tried we
Brian I tried to used to talk to digital
Brian Halligan. He was early. It was
pretty funny from HubSpot, but he and
he's great, but he trained it only so
much. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. And he's
like I trained I'm like I'm going to try
to train this to S level S tier level.
And I trained it on everything. And now
I'm like, if this guy just comes to
Zoom, then first of all, he can answer
all the questions at night and on
weekends. And if he comes to every
meeting, there's no excuse. There's
literally no excuse to not know every
corner case at Salesforce. There's no
excuse to not know how every custom tab,
every
It's a huge vision for the future. Yeah.
I think it's pioneering.
All right. One people talk about all
over social media. I don't think they
know what they're talking about is where
the money comes from AI. What are you
seeing at budgets? Is there really an AI
budget at Leonard and Singapore? Are
they repositioning budgets? Are they
stealing it from old boring stuff? Like
where's the money where's the
incremental money really coming from in
your experience? I think you have two
things going on. First of all, we just
talked about how exciting AI is and how
it's going to change these companies and
transform them and transform these
employees. But for the vast majority of
companies Yeah. who've been playing
around with these models and tools over
the knack last call it 3 years or four
years of generative AI they've mostly
failed. You don't have that many great
stories of how AI has transformed these
companies. So it's one of the reasons
why Agent Force is as exciting as it is
because it's practical, it's specific,
it's tactical, it gives them clear
action plan on exactly how to go ahead
and execute the AI playbook for a
company. And in a lot of cases, you had
a lot of like just little science lab
experiments and those things did not
work out for those customers. So that is
really step one. I think everybody needs
a win. Everybody needs a
help.salforce.com. Yeah. To that point,
even Salesforce, it's like we have all
the technology. We've done a million
things. We've had Einstein. We do the
predictions. We do all this stuff. But
it's wo this is actually dramatically
impacting my business process itself.
Okay. So, everybody needs a huge win.
That is really the next step. Yeah. And
so just just you know I think everyone's
got to be excited about Agent Force
whether they're deploying it now or at
Dreamforce or a year everyone's if I'm
invested in the platform this has got to
be on my top two or three initiatives
right no question but where am I going
to my CEO and asking for more budget is
it take like just I just want from this
sort of overall money GDP going into
software no you're totally on it but I
think that it's going to resolve back
into the line of business budgets and I
think that this is just an extension of
those line of businesses. I don't I
think that where there was an AI budget
that was a mistake and that where it
should be is like you should be holding
at least this is what I do. I should be
holding our service team accountable.
Our sales team should be held
accountable for that. And that is where
the budget should be. It should be the
line of business. Hey, you're going to
need to get this much more efficient,
this more productive. You need to
augment your employees. You need a
higher level of enablement. You need
more capacity. you need to be able to
integrate your compensation plans into
our strategic goals. All of these things
are going to be done with
AI. But should there be a separate AI
budget, I think that could be an
indication that you're not moving in the
right direction because if you have a
completely separate AI budget, you're
probably not integrated at that level.
And I'll give you an example. We work
really closely with
RBS Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland.
They're in Canada, incredible CEO, Dave
McKay, and they have an incredible AI
team. They have an
incredible set of PhD researchers. They
come out of University of Wateroo in
Canada. They're incredible people. Yeah.
And actually they're very near the
Shopify guys. And this is a great bank,
great institution, great customer. And
for a couple years, he keeps coming to
see me. I'm doing this with AI. I'm
doing that. I want to do this. I want to
do that. And I don't think he was
getting the value that he really wanted.
And then I was working with his wealth
team which is actually based in the US
and all of a sudden we had some
incredible success and that's where I
was like hey you really need to look at
this is the very tactical practical
thing. So we're going to do make your
wealth business a lot more successful
and yes we're going to convert your call
center to not only service your
customers but sell mortgages also.
that's going to be really important and
this fundamental transformation I think
in their consciousness they all of a
sudden realized not only could they do
all of these things but they could start
think about things strategically for the
future of their bank that they were not
able to think about before and that this
AI was going to really give them a
capability that was not on their
business plan. This doesn't come out of
an AI budget. This comes out of your
line of business managers really having
to think about what is the future of
their business. And that is where you're
going to have the best impact. Not just
having the two dozen worldclass AI PhDs,
but hey, let's look at the apps and
let's look at each app and then look at
let's look at the employees and let's
look at productivity. Let's look at
augmentation. Let's look at all of these
areas. And I think it's one of the
reasons why Agent Force has been as
successful as it has been so early on.
And we're going to see some continue to
see a lot of great stories. Yeah, wealth
management really should be a space
utterly changed by AI. It's such a weird
space because there's big dollars with
terrible service. Like just I want a
mortgage, I want a line of credit, I
want to do and like it's 11 calls and
someone gets back to you in two weeks.
This shouldn't be this hard for this big
number. We're still in that zone on
healthcare. I like just had a full
recovery from a proximal rupture of my
Achilles last September and the number
of phone calls I have to make and all
that. It's crazy. And the an agentic
layer on the medical center is really
important. I just spent some time with
the medical center that I work really
closely with showing them exactly what
we can do, how we can do it, the
immediate impact they can have, and the
huge productivity gains. And I'll tell
you why that's also important. We talked
about the Japan situation, but think
about it like this. Call any doctor or
nurse or medical center you work with.
You'll hear that they're all pretty
overloaded. They're all pretty burned
out for some reason. They never
recovered mentally from that. I don't
know if I did myself, but the thing is
that it's also because patients are like
get their labs from their done and they
call their doctor right away. Hey, this
number is not exactly right. What is
going on with this number? Doctors will
talk about it on your visit, but instead
there can be an agentic layer
surrounding the medical center that kind
of provides that first level of care,
but also it can not only do pre and
post-operative care, pre- or post
procedure care, but it can also do
things like just, hey, we know you're
coming to the hospital. You want to make
sure you're doing this. This is how
you're going to get ready. Today, I
still get phone calls. And when I get
some of these phone calls, I can tell
these people who are making the calls,
they're very high value people, it's
super expensive, and it's not the best
use of their time. It's not necessarily
that the medical center is going to have
less people a year from now. It's more
that the people are going to be used in
a more value added way. And I think
that's also true in my
help.salesforce.com as well. Yeah. So
maybe before we're out of time, and if
we're out of time, just let me know
because this is great. But maybe just
two things that people talk a lot about
like budgets but maybe they don't
understand. You talked about people,
agents, data, and then robotics, right?
I might have gotten the four layers
wrong, but that's roughly right. Data,
data. Everyone on social media and in SF
talking about I can disrupt everyone in
the enterprise with my agent. But data,
man, there's a lot of data in
Salesforce. So talk about that and like
at a meta level because you've also
invested in any of the best. Who wins?
The incumbents or the startups? I know
it's a goofy question, but what do you
think about that? Who wins the
incumbents or the startup? I think
there's a broad misunderstanding still
of data. And I think that when I get to
Dreamforce in October, I have to clear
it up. It's one of my strategic goals.
And I think one way to think about that
already is there's more data in
Salesforce than ever. And I'll make the
case that yes, it's about the apps, it's
about the data, it's about the agents,
and it'll be about the robots. And at
that data later, it's not just about the
Salesforce data, which is 230 pabytes of
data. It's also about all the data we're
federating to. Of course, Salesforce was
core investor in Snowflake, but we
federate to data to Snowflake and now
there's a huge amount of Snowflake data
that comes back to Salesforce through
our federation mechanisms as well. So
whether it's data bricks or snowflake,
whether it's Shopify, whether it's
BigQuery, whether it's all S3, all the
places where you're storing data through
your company, all of that needs to be
one consistent data layer for that agent
to be able to really be as good as it
can be and for that AI to be everything
you want it to be. We can talk about
individual AI like we did, which was,
hey, are you remembering my meeting?
What is my next step? But when we get to
organizational AI, that means that that
data layer has to be this federated data
layer that is going to have to then be
fully interoperating with those apps and
those agents and all of it is going to
have to be one seamless platform for
these customers. And that's where we're
going. I think that vision is a little
different than where everybody else is,
which is everyone else is a little bit
more on and by the way, I think this is
great for a lot of the startups to do
this. They're more like see a bear,
shoot a bear. Hey, I have an agent. I'm
going to take down this use case. I
think it's great. But where we want to
provide for our customers, which are the
largest and most important customers in
the world, enterprises and governments,
we want them to get their data together.
Number one. Two, we want them to use
this next generation of apps like we can
see like Tableau next that we showed
yesterday and others that you'll see
continuing to get released from
Salesforce. And then three, we want them
to deploy these agents at scale. And I
think that is the right transformational
motion for our customers. And that's
where I've got my head around that idea.
And that platform, that as a platform is
different than what others are working
on. So that's what we think is going to
happen. And I hope we're right because
that's all. That's what I'm asking.
That's all we're doing. And then when
you're using Slack, it should be running
on that platform where it's got your
data cloud and it's got your agents also
running all together as one thing. And
like you said, it's a meta layer on all
your agents. And look, it's been an
incredible 26 years of Salesforce. When
we started
Salesforce, we could never have
anticipated that we would have gotten to
where we are. And we're just still at
the beginning now. We're in the 40
billions like you said. And as I think
about the next layer, what's possible
now? wasn't possible even just a few
years ago. I guess the best decision we
probably ever made was not that
technology architecture or strategy.
It's that we took 1% of our equity, 1%
of our profit, and 1% of all of our
employees time 26 years ago and put it
into a foundation. We just had a board
meeting for a foundation just last week.
And I'll tell you the thing about that's
exciting is that we've done 10 million
hours of volunteerism. We run 50,000
nonprofits and NOS's for free on our
service. We've given away about a
billion dollars to organizations all
over the world, but especially focused
in K through2 education, which is our
focus area. And in our San Francisco and
Oakland public schools, we've given over
$150 million. So, wow. This idea that we
are built a company that's also we think
is a platform for change in those areas
as empowered and enabled through the
foundation is extremely important and
trying to hold those values together as
we get bigger as a company. This is a
huge challenge. No one really said it'd
be it's a huge challenge as you get
bigger but it is and we're this is where
people should be holding us accountable
that whether it is in trust in customer
success and innovation in equality in
sustainability these core values of who
Salesforce is we're really trying to
maintain these core values and also
deliver this next generation of our
platform and we want every customer to
have this incredible value experience
with AI and that is what is really going
to get me super motivated over the next
couple of years. Yeah. And for folks cuz
I know it's all documented. I think
everyone really should check out
Salesforce has a whole program to help
you implement 111. Right. It's got a
whole program pretty turnkey for you.
It's pretty There's a whole nonprofit
called pledge1%.org that me and the
founders of Atlasian who also then
copied our 111 model have put together.
Yeah. And I'd recommend any founder to
take a look at that because you might
not think about it today. You're
starting your company. Maybe you're a
year in, but 25 or 26 years later, which
a lot of people are like, "Oh, no. I
have already sold my company and we
retired in Hawaii, whatever." Great.
Congratulations. But here's the thing.
You're kind of want to be able to look
back and say, "Hey, I did it the right
way with the right values." And you're
not going to want to be like some of
those other software companies that we
mentioned who maybe operate with a whole
different kind of set of values. So, you
have to decide what kind of company you
want to be. Yeah. I think it's
wonderful. I remember I don't remember
when you rolled it out but I remember
when you back in the day thinking Mark
that's nice but like Salesforce is worth
like 2 billion at the time 1% is 20
million that's a lot but like now look
where it's grown right 1% of 300 billion
or so is it's or 240 billion is quite an
impact right it is quite an impact it's
been and the people it's about the
people too and also don't forget about
your technology and how you can most of
our podcast has been about technology
you can impact all these organizations
with your techn so when you deliver a
full package Yeah, that's where you're
going to get the most power. Yeah, I
just think for folks that haven't heard
of one, we used to do a lot of promotion
during the lockdown days of it with
Byron Peter and others do more because
honestly sales the pledge 1% in the team
obviously started by Mark, but it's
turnkey. So if you're founders and you
want to do something to help, but you're
overloaded, you can get help here. You
can roll this out pretty quickly and
then down the road you've got this
wonderful almost mini foundation that is
at the edge of turnkey, right? It's at
the edge of turnkey and it's pretty. You
want to have a great technology model,
you want to have a great business model
and you want to have a great
philanthropic giving back model because
at the end of the day, you're going to
look back at your company and say,
"Hey, did I do it the right way?" Not
just did I hit the technology home run
that I was looking for, but what kind of
impact did you have across the board?
Yeah, it's wonderful. All right, Mark,
this is great. Anything we hit? Anything
coming up at Salesforce the next 12
months you're excited about? We didn't
talk about. We talked about celebrating
Tableau. I'm not going to roll all those
things out right now, but I Yeah, I've
got a lot I have a lot. It's going to
start and end with Agent Force, you know
that, but there's going to be some other
really incredible things. And don't
underestimate data cloud. been our
fastest growing product ever and the
revenue levels are awesome. We rolled
out a lot of that already. It's be our
fastest multi-billion dollar product
ever. And then the fundamental
regeneration of all these core apps.
Yeah. And you're starting to see our
template for that. So there's a lot of
cool stuff coming. And by Dreamforce and
I hope everyone will be there and
building on our platform, we're going to
have an incredible vision for the future
of the industry and for customers. It's
great. It's exciting. I'm excited for
the next generation of AI Salesforce.
It's fun to see. It's fun to be a little
piece of the journey. And Mark,
congratulations. Thanks for the time.
Thank you. Really appreciate it. Great.
And thanks for everything you're doing
with SAS. It makes a huge difference for
the whole industry. Everybody really
appreciates all the work and time and
effort that you've put into it. For
sure. You're the best. Thanks, man.
Byebye. Appreciate the extra time.